c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\RunPythonScript.exe.config
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\RunPythonScript.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\RunPythonScript.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\obj\Debug\RunPythonScript.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\obj\Debug\RunPythonScript.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\obj\Debug\RunPythonScript.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\RunPythonScript\RunPythonScript\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
