c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\testURI.exe.config
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\testURI.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\testURI.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Cloud.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Cloud.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.Form1.resources
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\obj\Debug\testURI.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testURI\testURI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
