c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\testWebAPI.exe.config
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\testWebAPI.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\testWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.WebAPIClient.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Analysis.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Security.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.WebAPIClient.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Analysis.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Security.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\obj\Debug\testWebAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\obj\Debug\testWebAPI.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testWebAPI\testWebAPI\obj\Debug\testWebAPI.pdb
