c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\testGetVariables.exe.config
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\testGetVariables.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\testGetVariables.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.WebAPIClient.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Analysis.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Security.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.WebAPIClient.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Performance.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Analysis.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Security.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\RTP.Controls.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.Form1.resources
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.exe
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\obj\Debug\testGetVariables.pdb
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\abhijeet\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\testGetVariables\testGetVariables\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
